Add translating to `help-documenting` page (#1648)
python/devguide: documentation/help-documenting.rst

you will learn the workflow for documentation pull requests.

.. _documentation issues: https://github.com/python/cpython/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Adocs

Translating
===========

> The Python documentation is actively being translated into several languages.
> You can switch languages using the language switcher in the online documentation
> navbar.
> 
> If you are interested in translation, see our pages on
> :ref:`translating <translating>` to get started.

Reviewer: split infinitive. we can also bin the second sentence.
```suggestion
The Python documentation is being actively translated into several languages.
If you are interested in helping with translation, see our pages on
:ref:`translating <translating>` to get started.
```
